# DINHTRUCTAM_INTERNSHIP_PROJECT_2023

Have a nice day!

First of all, I want to send a huge appreciation to Ohstem Education company for the knowledge as well as the facilities they have given to me for the past 3 months.

This is my internship project source code. The project is about creating a Graphical User Interface using Python to control and process some AI models on the mecanum car.

Follow these steps to run the project:

## Installation
1. Download and install Python.
2. Download the following packages:
   ```bash
   pip install adafruit-io
   ```
   ```bash
   pip install tk
   ```
   ```bash
   pip install customtkinter
   ```
   ```bash
   pip install Pillow
   ```
   ```bash
   pip install tensorflow
   ```
   ```bash
   pip install keras
   ```
   ```bash
   pip install numpy
   ```
   ```bash
   pip install opencv-python
   ```
3. Install the Esptouch app on your phone for broadcasting the ESP32 camera.

## Preparation and Processing
1. Download the .zip file "Project_Mecanum.zip" and extract it. Open the folder in your Python IDE.
2. Find the .txt file "link to the main code.txt". Open the link in the file and download the .json file.
3. Open the browser and paste this link: https://app.ohstem.vn/. Choose "Lập trình" and go to the programming field.
4. Upload the .json file "Project.json" into the Ohstem App website.
5. Update these libraries: "MQTT", "SỰ KIỆN", "ROVER". Upload 2 files "yolobit_extension_4chmotors-main.zip" and "yolobit_extension_mecanum-main.zip".
6. Connect to the car by Bluetooth or USB Type-C. Run the project on the website Ohstem App.
7. Come back to your Python code. Run the main.py file.
8. Now you can control the car with the GUI generated by Python.

## Observation
Please note that you can also observe whether your data is updated or not on the Adafruit IO server.

